Add meetups page (#90)
ournetworks/ournetworks.ca: meetups.md

---
layout: page
order: 2
title: "Meetups"
titleDisplay: "Meetups"
---

> Starting in 2019 we're organizing bimonthly meetups that bring together people from a variety of backgrounds work with, want to learn about, or meet folks interested in the peer-to-peer and decentralized web as well as alternative networks (this includes projects like Beaker Browser, Secure Scuttle Butt, IPFS, and more). We want to grow a community of folks interested in these topics here in Toronto who also want to have conversations that address creative and critical possibilities for building more sustainable, just, and equitable networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in 2019 we're organizing bimonthly meetups that bring together people from a variety of backgrounds working with, who want to learn about, or meet folks interested in the peer-to-peer and decentralized web as well as alternative networks (this includes projects like Beaker Browser,  Secure Scuttlebutt, IPFS, and more). 

We want to grow a community of folks interested in these topics here in Toronto who also want to have conversations that address creative and critical possibilities for building more sustainable, just, and equitable networks.
```
